Clean up component README badges (#3119)
openremote/openremote: ui/component/or-asset-viewer/README.md

# @openremote/or-asset-viewer  \<or-asset-viewer\>
[![NPM Version][npm-image]][npm-url]

> Web Component for displaying an asset tree. This component requires an OpenRemote Manager to retrieve, save and query assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web Component for displaying an asset viewer. This component requires an OpenRemote Manager to query and save assets.
```
